what you guys don't understand is for us
kissing is as important as any part of
it everything you need to know is in
that first kiss absolutely I think for
us kissing is pretty much like an
opening act you know I mean it's like
the stand-up comedian you have to sit
through before Pink Floyd comes out yeah
and it's not that we don't like the
comedian it's just that that's that's
not why we bought the ticket see the
problem is though after the concerts
over no matter how great the show was
you girls are always look at the
comedian again Carl fighting traffic
basically just trying to stay awake yeah
well word of advice bring back the
comedian otherwise next time you're
gonna find yourself sitting at home
listening to that album alone are we
still talking about sex
[Music]
no it's good it is good it's just
doesn't doesn't she seem a little angry
well she has issues
does she he's out banging other women
over the head with a club while she sits
at home trying to get the mastodon smell
out of the carpet are people okay they
have issues like gee that glaciers
getting kind of close your ex-wife no no
yes it is how about I'll catch up with
you in the Ice Age
[Laughter]
[Music]
you look great I hate that sorry
Thanks you look good too uh well you
know in here anyone who stands erect
so what's new still lesbian well you
never know
how's um how's the family
Marty's still totally paranoid oh and
Matt so why are you here - I'm pregnant
pregnant Oh looks like she didn't even
such a hurry after all oh I think this
is the episode of Three's Company where
there's some kind of misunderstanding
then I've already seen this yeah sorry
the swallowing slowed me down whose
little ball of papers this oh that would
be mine see I wrote a note to myself and
then I realized I didn't need the notes
so I balled it up and now I wish I was
dead Monica you know you're already
flipped but it's fine look I'm sorry
guys I just want to give them anymore em